Simple issue template (#1423)
bit-team/backintime: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

> Please provide the output of `backintime --diagnostics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help us diagnose the problem quickly, please provide the output of the console command `backintime --diagnostics`.
```

> Please specify the exact package or installation source you used. For example Arch-based distros do offer [multiple flavors](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages?K=backintime) of packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, please specify as precisely as you can the package or installation source where you got BackInTime. Sometimes there are multiple alternatives, like [for Arch-based distros](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages?K=backintime).
```
